what if a total stranger came up to you
and asked you on the street if you'd go
skydiving with them right now would you
do it well we've been fortunate enough
to experience some incredible things
through this channel so today we just
really wanted to share that with some
total strangers skydiving is usually
number one and everyone's bucket list so
without much thought as to how people
would react we thought it'd be a good
idea to the - skydiving spots the same
day to hit the streets of Venice to see
who'd be crazy enough to say yes to
joining us on such a spontaneous
adventure I literally have a reservation
at two twelve fourteen I have about an
hour and 15 minutes to convince someone
because it's an hour-and-a-half drive
away so I'm basically gonna have to
convince someone on the spot to just
leave everything they had planned for
the day that come skydiving with me you
know what there's this guy walking
towards me gonna ask him straight up
have you ever been skydiving do you want
to go skydiving not really fair enough
I'm looking for a stranger that will say
yes to come this guy that would be today
for free
fair enough good luck have a good one
and have a lot of time I think this is
like the only time I've ever had like a
time restriction having someone say yes
like on the spot got to make this happen
today it's Sunday let's do it first
couple approaching have either of you
gun skydiving before do you want to go
skydiving no okay fair enough
no one was such an ugly word no yeah no
yes just so much more pleasant yes it's
just that way is your word to say that
now now should be like a surfer coming
up just catch one on the wave yo dude
you want to go skydiving have you guys
ever been skydiving do you want to go
skydiving today for free today I woke up
and I decide that I wanted to go
skydiving but the only way it works in
my house that if I take a stranger to do
it so I'm looking for a stranger
I have a book hearing at - I have like
myself booked and a guest have you ever
been skydiving so it would be your first
time - sure okay perfect what's your
name
Desiree I'm are nice to me
this might have worked alright we might
have gotten someone so hopefully it
works out I'm gonna ask more people
regardless have you guys ever been
skydiving have you ever wanted to
skydive do you want to go right now yeah
let's go okay I'm actually down I'm dead
serious you just said yes to going
skydiving to a stranger so actually now
I'm gonna take you up on that and we're
all gonna drive about an hour and 50
minutes out so are you serious I'm damn
serious like I am dead serious right now
yeah let's go on a dress that's good I'm
not kidnapping you don't worry I got you
we would love to kidnap you and give you
the best thing ever have you ever been
skydiving no perfect you know what if
she also said yes and she she texted me
good I'll just we'll have everybody
skydive don't worry I'm glad the best
part about this is that someone woke up
today having no idea they're gonna be
jumping out of a plane you know what I
have done skydiving before and you guys
were just so cool saying yes so you can
take both spots no you know what hi this
is a mark the skydiving fella
so yeah meet me at that address I'll
scoop you up with the carton
guess what I got two more strangers to
say yes so we're gonna be going with a
group literally on my bucket list I
don't believe this is happening all
right let's go
[Music]
is it really good can't decide to fly a
little bit to experience people who had
no idea you're gonna jump out of a plane
this morning no signing their lives away
I'm not gonna answer that right now ooh
[Music]
I was ecstatic you know I'm speechless
thank you guys for saying yes oh I'm
most nervous about all right let's do
this
that Oh how's it going um dad if you
were walking around Venice Beach and
someone came up and asked you if you
wanted to skydive what would you say I
have the most insane story to tell you
just jumped out of the plane with some
stranger's they're not strangers anymore
because we know them now
thank you for watching all the way into
the end and thank you to Skillshare for
sponsoring this video we actually paid
for this guy living out of our own
pocket and Skillshare awesome enough to
sponsor it afterward everytime
Skillshare does this a bunch of you
flock to their service and come back to
us with some awesome feedback but this
time that they have a bit of a different
offer three months of their service for
only 99 cents you can use scale share to
learn pretty much anything you want from
filmmaking to marketing they have over
18,000 classes taught by some of the
best in the world personally I use to go
straight all the time whenever I feel
rusty or feel like I want to learn
something new so we're stoked to be
sharing this limited offer with you guys
only valid for the month of January
where you can get three months of their
service for only 99 cents I highly
suggest doing yourself a favor and
clicking the link in the description to
sign up we'll see you on Sunday for the
first episode of our series in Europe
[Music]